<h1 style= "text-align: center;">Theater!</h1>
<center>
Just finished up the matinee of the show we were doing and now I'm gonna talk about it
</center>
Dates worked on: 3/7, 3/8

# Recap
So people often say that they thought I was a theater kid or an improv kid and I think it's one of the rudest things you could say to someone... like yeah I did some theater stuff in middle school, and I took 2 classes in highschool and I always really enjoyed acting... but it doesn't make me a theater kid! I never did the productions in high school and I certainly don't watch many productions (outside of heathers that was perfromed at HCC, which was great!). Anyway, the last production I was a part of was Footloose in middle school. Fast forward to 2022 when 2 people I knew had no one sign up for their one acts that they had to do for their directing class. I am friends with one of them and figured I'd help out the other so I signed up for 2 one acts. It was alright, pretty casual thing, we had a couple meetings to learn blocking and I had a few lines memorized but it was mostly script in hand stuff. Anyway I actually enjoyed one of the plays alot and decided that I liked acting again so now fast forward to 2023, our department is hosting a show with a bunch of one acts written by students here at SMCM (of varying quality) and I thought "why the heck not, a few of my friends are audtitioning so I shall too" and as a bonus you get 2 credits that are automatic As so I kind of need them. Anywho, I audition, me and Beau get one of the roles we were aiming for (it was also the only one in which I read the play for) and we got put into different one acts for the other roles (Which I will talk about later)

TW: mention of sucide
# The Plays!
So I got placed into "An at home trip", which I found to be really well written and I genuinely enjoyed playing Chris. Perhaps Baz, the writer, will go on to publish it or something so I'm not going to spoil the fun of it but just know if it does it is a must see! (Maybe I'll blog about it later and talk about the story, I'll ask if he's cool with it) The other play was the notorious "What Next" written by THE SMCM cowboy guy who I will not name drop because it's rude and also maybe I'm already being mean by talking about it. Apparently the original draft of the play (Draft isn't the right word but maybe his original play?) was about this guy about to commit suicide but the ghost of some Janitor or his father stops him. From what I was told it's very much an 'It's a wonderful life' knock off but as a one act. I think there's plenty of ways to have a play talking about suicide but obviously the professor wasn't comfortable having that be one of the plays in our One act festival because it is still a very serious topic, and if the writing quality was anything like it was for 'What Next' I don't think it would have been very tasteful. So the professor had him change it and he changed the story to 'What Next', a story about this guy entering an elevator and having a conversation with the ghost of his dead father reminding him that there's more to life than money. So our first rehearsal was a read through of all the plays, I went in having read through AAHT and not really knowing what WN was gonna be. It went fine, it was nice meeting the whole cast, which I really didn't get to work with until Tech week (except for the people in the One acts I was in ofcourse), and also it was exciting to see that the character Pop in WN was going to be played by Mike Pugh, this guy who was in my spanish class last semester and is really cool. 

## An At Home Trip
So this was a fun play to work with! Early one was mainly just figuring out blocking (Which got changed around so much, bassically right up until the final practice D=) and as we started to memorize the lines we got to play around more with tone and such. I assume that's usually how rehearsals go. There's a part where Nick, (played by Beau), draws me and I kinda of walk around the 'apartment' that we're in and circle back around to him as he's finishing it up. Beau started to get pretty quick with it but I really was worried that it was going to be awkward for the audience to sit through him drawing me and it's just silent, or there's actually music paying over us but it's a simple trippy tune so nothing for the audience to jam to lol. I talk to one person after the show about it and she said that it came off as these characters are able to sit in silence and enjoy the moments together and wasn't bad to sit through. (That's not exactly how she worded it but I can't quite rememeber exactly what it was obviously but you get the Idea I'm sure) I'm also sure I was just worried cause once you go through something it a million times it can come off as mundane so this was a special moment for the audience while it was the 200th time I had to go in a circle (or ya know do some other blocking but it was bassically that) and then sit for 10 seconds and watch Beau finish up the drawing. At the end of the scene I do a little pose and that's supposed to be the single for the Stage manager to cue a lighting thing and we switch to a new spot but they were behind and me and Beau had to sit there and stare at eachother for far too long, it was really awkward but kind funny I suppose lol. Tech week comes along and Amy adds one last bit of Blocking (reee) but it's fine because it's simple enough and I think it was a slightly needed so it's fine. As the days go on the whoe cast starts to get a little closer to eachother which is nice because they all seemed pretty cool and it made sitting in the Green Room, the back room where the cast waits to be called on stage, less awkward.  